This meal how, lady?
Very good.
I have never eaten such a delicious meal.
I'm glad you like it.
Would like to point something?
Can you recommend some?
Cheese cake is very good, taste it?
What would you like?
Shrimp fried rice and egg drop soup.
Yesterday you also eat these.
I know.
I order the same thing.
I'm going to try something new.
I just want the old way.
Good afternoon.
This is today's menu, please take a la carte, I'll be back in a moment.
By the way, do you want to drink something first?
Good idea, I'd like to have a listen to Chinese wolfberry juice.
Give me and this lady with a green bean Sha, a snappy orange.
I listen to mango juice.
Well, Chinese wolfberry juice, green bean, Lili orange juice, mango juice, please wait.
Sorry, I take your order?
What's particularly recommended dishes?
Just from the living Mandarin Fish market, you have a taste of "Songshu Guiyu"? It is sweet and sour fried Mandarin Fish, this is one of our specialties, taste good.
Do you have a lot of sichuan food?
Yes, madam, Sichuan food is hot and spicy.
Well, a "twice-cooked pork".
Vegetarian dishes for a "burn the winter".
Good, cold dishes and soup?
Chinese-style dinner party usually begins with the cold cuts.
A tray of "kimchi", a dish "chili sauce and tofu skin" and a "corn chowder".
OK, dishes on the right.
This is the sauce for the tempura.
Please mix the grated radish with the sauce and together, dip them into it before eating tempura.
This is the whole dish.
If you also want additional dishes, please call me.
Well, I think that was enough.
Wait a minute there's dessert.
Please enjoy.
Recommended food
Good evening.
Sit down, drink before you order any wine?
No, thanks.
I think we'll skip the aperitif bar, a direct order please let us have a look at the menu.
The menu gave guests
Are you ready to order now?
What shall we still hesitated to order, maybe you can introduce us to some main course.
Well, I would recommend a T-bone steak, taste good.
You sure do burn-bone steak is very tender?
Yes, you can stay assured.
Our restaurant with beef is high quality, the best meat processing plant from domestic stock.
Then I have a T-bone steak and some sirloin, please burn fire big.
Do you have any fresh vegetables?
Yes, celery, cucumber, onions and radishes are today's specials which one do you like?
I have a celery and Onions.
Thank you, wait will be OK.
Zhang is the first with his friend Bob to USA Hotel, when he entered the restaurant, a waiter asked:
A few?
Two.
This way, please.
They had sat down, the waiter brought two glasses of drinking tap water. After a while, the waiter came and asked
After a while, the waiter came and asked.
You ready to order?
The steak.
OK, give me a steak, I want it medium.
I have some steak, but I'm going to well-done.
Do you like soup or salad?
What's the soup today?
Chicken soup, clam chowder.
I want chicken soup
I want a salad.
What is your favorite condiment?
I want to Thousand Island.
Sir, your first course on what?
First on a cold dish.
At the same time the wine?
A little less, well, a bottle of beer.
What the main course?
I creamed chicken, please hurry up.
Yes, sir.
Waiter!
What can I do for you, sir?
This too tender steak, steak I ordered to be fully cooked.
I'm sorry, I immediately put it back to the kitchen.
Morning, sir, today?
Yes, thank you.
This way, please.
Sir, you are ready to order?
Not yet.
Please take your point, do not worry.
Waiter, I want a Chinese breakfast, eat what you say?
Today is Chinese style Fried rice, Fried noodles, spring rolls, three diced meat, pork, extensive pattern, beef, chicken porridge and various types of morning tea, snacks.
I want two spring rolls and a cantonese meat porridge.
What kind of tea do you want?
We have black tea, green tea and Pu-Erh tea.
Today I don't want to drink tea, can choose other drinks?
Of course, we supply the coffee and caffeine-free, fresh made two, and hot chocolate, fresh milk and skim milk.
I want caffeine-free coffee.
Yes, sir.
You want two spring rolls, a meat porridge and coffee.
Yes, thank you, by the way, tomorrow I can order a drink box with the wild it? Forbidden breakfast box?
No problem, we have tomorrow morning to breakfast box directly in your room.
Good evening, occur.
What do you think this meal?
Oh, no.
I'm sorry, what's the problem?
First, let us wait a long time before serving.
I'm sorry, sir, because we are too busy, but next time we must improve.
Chicken roast too far, as hard as leather.
I'm awfully sorry, if you agree, I will give you another change together, of course, paid by the restaurant tent.
No, I don't want to eat.
Then the chicken is not recorded, please accept our apologies.
Never mind.
I'm sure we'll try our best to improve our work, the next time you come, everything will make you satisfied.
Well, next time we come back.
Welcome to visit at any time.
Good evening, sir, is everything to your satisfaction?
Ah, yes, that's good.
Your store's service is the first-class, I am very happy.
You can love, we are so happy, but still need to improve what dishes?
You did well, all meals are delicious, just put a little too much salt in the soup.
I'm sorry, if you like, I get back to the soup kitchen and the other for a.
Oh, no, it doesn't matter.
The first our free some fruit, please accept our apologies.
Nice of you to do so.
You're welcome, I hope to see you again.
We will.
Thank you very much, sir.
Do you want to drink your dinner?
Can I see the wine list?
It is, sir.
A bottle of California red wine, please.
You want to order dessert now?
No, I want to wait.
What would you like to drink?
I want a cup of coffee later.
What are you reading, Linda?
I was reading a novel by the famous novelist George Eliot's novels.
The novel is very interesting?
Yes, this novel is written in the English countryside more than a hundred years ago the story.
This book is hard to read?
No, this book is easy to read.
In addition to the novels, genre literature do you read other works?
Besides novels, I also like to read short stories.
In addition to the literature, you read other books?
Yes, most of my spare time is spent reading books on a variety of subjects.
I don't want to waste my time.
You're right!
I appreciate this saying: "books are food for the soul."
There any scenic spots here?
There are a lot of.
Can you recommend some?
I think Hyde Park is a good place.
The units you how much rent?
$ 200 per month.
Include what you?
No, gas and electricity are not included.
Hello, here is the red Tea Rose Hotel.
Hello, this is Mr. Wang.
May I speak to Mr. Yang?
OK, please wait a moment.
Oh, my foot!
Really sorry, you all right?
OK, next time a little careful.
A certain.
Really sorry, dinner appointment with you tonight, I can't go.
Suddenly today a very important thing, so late at the Office tonight.
Oh, really sorry, but that's okay, we can always eat together.
I'm really sorry.
Wait until the matter resolved, I will immediately get back to you about time for dinner.
Well, don't work too hard.
No, I won't, thank you.
Operator, I want to make FrankHamilton a "call" to Virginia Fairfax, 703-543-2741's phone number.
703-543-2741,FrankHamilton.
B: yes.
Please tell me your name and telephone number.
322-7766, my name is John Lee.
Thank you, Mr. Li.
Please wait a moment, I'll connect you.
Mr Baker, I would like to take the 8, flight back to Taipei.
Thanks to care during your stay, call and thank you.
You are welcome, I am very happy.
Next time when you come to Taipei, please let me know, let me have a chance to help.
OK, I will.
I wish you bon voyage returning, take care.
Thank you for calling.
I heard you might have an empty room.
Yes, I have a single room available.
What are your terms?
3.50 pounds, including accommodation and breakfast.
I can see the room?
Now a little inconvenient.
Come tomorrow?
Number please.
I want to hang a A.D.C., personal, please hang 01-486-2435.
What is the name of the person you're calling?
Miss Susan Green.
G-R- double-E-N-E.
May I have your telephone number?
Brighton 11865.
Mr.!
Fancy meeting you here!
Long time no see you.
Where are you currently working?
I am currently working at a bicycle factory.
A few days do you work every week?
I only work five days a week, from Monday to Friday.
Two days off per week, that's great.
Yes, I take full advantage of these two days of rest time to learn, so that I can do a better job.
I am currently studying at a community college.
What courses you take at the community college?
I'm taking two courses: mechanical engineering and engineering drawing.
You want to work overtime at the factory?
Sometimes have to work overtime, but not often.
If I work overtime, I can get overtime.
How many workers are there in your factory?
About one thousand, including technicians and engineers.
Your factory production bike is sold or for export?
We plant more than 80 percent of products for export.
I hope another day have the opportunity to visit your factory.
Please come.
You will receive a warm welcome.
Number please.
Eastbourne 74655, please hang A.D.C., personal.
Who do you want to talk?
214 points.
What you use the phone number?
Aberdeen 605.
Can you show me something a little cheaper?
Well, I see.
What price range do you want?
I want 20 dollars less.
This how?
Just 20 yuan.
It's worth every penny of it.
Hello.
What can I do for you?
I'm just looking around.
Welcome.
Our sales of Chinese ancient palace here all kinds of products.
Looks really interesting, especially the yellow robe.
These are the imperial gowns, is China ancient emperors wear.
Yellow for the Chinese people is a noble color.
The ancient law prohibited ordinary people wearing yellow clothes.
Isn't it?
But in our country, the purple is a noble color.
Between country and country culture is different.
Why don't you try it on?
Try how much does it cost?
Free.
That's good. The yellow is too bright for me?
This is a very bright yellow, but you wear look nice on you.
Is that right?
This is what size?
8 yards.
But I wear a size 10.
Here is one, 10 yards.
Try it. You put Huangpao looks really great.
Why not buy a souvenir?
Very cheap, only $ 100.
Well, I'll buy one.
Good morning, What do you buy?
I'm looking for a gift for my daughter's birthday. But I haven't made up my mind.
How about a pair of bracelets?
Thank you for reminding me, my daughter likes bracelets.
Do you want to buy gold, silver, or jade bracelets?
My daughter likes jade bracelet.
We have two kinds of jade, a new one is jade, antique jade.
She likes what kind of?
She likes the new jade.
Please look at this right.
Pretty nifty.
But I do not know how to identify the real jade from the plastic imitation.
Don't worry, madam.
There are two ways to identify real jade and plastic imitation.
Jade is always cool to the touch, and jade is not afraid of scratching with metal.
You can use a knife to test it.
Thank you for telling me how to distinguish between genuine jade and plastic imitation.
You're welcome.
You can rely on our store.
I bought a pair of jade bracelets, how much money.
25 yuan FEC for one, so 50 yuan FEC for.
Give you 100 yuan FEC.
You find the money and documents.
The small gift box is free.
Thank you very much.
Very willing to serve you.
Please come again.
The brooch you can show me it?
All right.
What kind of stone is this?
Sapphire.
We only have a brooch of this style. And this is one of my favorite brooch.
You want to try it?
All right.
But how much money?
Only seventy yuan.
Seventy yuan?
It's too expensive for me.
My budget is 50 dollars.
