here &apos;s your bill . how did you find the food ?
very good .
i &apos;ve never tasted anything like this before .
i &apos;m glad you liked it . we should get tighter again sometime .
would you like anything more ?
can you recommend anything ?
i think we shall try the cantonese food . can you recommend some dishes to us ?
can i take your order ?
we can choose one from veal cutlet , pork chop , chicken noodle soup , or ten-ingredient deluxe fried ice .
but you &apos;re a man . you &apos;re stronger . that &apos;s why you &apos;re better at spiking , and slamming than me . it &apos;s why i kept trying to set you up all the time . but you kept missing them .
i know .
i &apos;ll have the same .
that &apos;s why i &apos;m here-to try new things .
just a haircut , please .
good afternoon .
here are the menus . i &apos;ll come back in a few minutes and take your order .
i &apos;m sorry , sir , we are short of help today . would you like to have a drink first ?
that &apos;s a good idea . a pink lady for me , a martini for my husband and a glass of hot milk for my daughter , please .
serving as your president gave me the opportunity to work with everyone here , and i count that one of the greatest personal rewards i received during the last year .
could i have some toast and juice with that ?
yes . just a moment .
excuse me , would you like to order now ?
what would you recommend ?
so there is a lot of work to be done , but we feel it will be a good way to focus attention on the humane , plus a fun way to raise money for our work .
do you have neckties here ?
even the dishes i mentioned just now are not very hot .
so there is a lot of work to be done , but we feel it will be a good way to focus attention on the humane , plus a fun way to raise money for our work .
if we can &apos;t finish the meal but would like to enjoy the food later , we can ask a waiter for a &quot; doggie bag &quot; .
sure , are you going by bus ?
well , generally speaking , all the fees for arbitration shall be borne by the losing party unless otherwise awarded by the tribunal .
a can of san miguel , a whole bottle of budweiser , an orange juice and a seven-up .
your dishes will be ready very soon . i hope you enjoy the dinner .
this is the sauce for the tempura .
please mix the grated radish with the sauce and then dip the tempura in it before eating .
is this my meal ?
if you would like any additional dishes , please call me .
i think the small portions will be enough .
there is dessert to follow .
please enjoy your meal .
what would you recommend ?
good evening .
anything to drink ?
no , thank you all the same .
never could we have imagined a year ago that we would have come so far in so short a time.but here we are at the end of year one , and what a fantastic year it has been.let me review our achievements in the first year .
handing the guest the menu
can i take your order now ?
sorry , we don &apos;t refund money , but you many order something else instead .
i &apos;m afraid you can have beef steaks if you don &apos;t mind .
do you want me to cut your hair very close ?
yes , please .
it &apos;s the best of our kitchen .
so that &apos;s one rare beef steak with onion and shrimps salad , one roast beef served with roast potatoes and vegetables , two more beers and one orange juice .
have you any pictures of new hairstyles ?
we have gold , pearl , and cloisonné necklaces . which do you like best ?
i &apos;ll take a sliced grilled fish , a broiled quail , a steak with onion and a shrimp salad with french dressing .
please wait a minute , your new library cared will be ready in no time .
tennis was a minor sport in germany until a somewhat awkward carrot-top by the name of boris becker won wimbledon in 1985 at 17 years of age and became the youngest player , first unseeded player and first german ever to do so .
how many persons ?
two .
this way , please .
now , mr. martin is on the 10 floor . the attendant comes to meet mr. martin .
after a while , he returns .
ok . are you ready to order , sir ?
i &apos;ll have steak .
may i have a deep fried beef steak ?
i &apos;ll take this steak dinner . my wife will have the same .
which would you like , soup or salad ?
what soup do you have today ?
vichyssoise , please .
i &apos;ll have red wine .
salad , please .
what kind of tea do you like ?
i &apos;ll have red wine .
is there anything wrong with your order , sir ?
i think the most important parts of being a successful salesman are meeting your customers &apos; needs first , having a complete knowledge of the business you are working in , and treating your customers as friends first , and business associates second .
yes . would you like an aperitif with that ?
please bring me one bottle .
and what would you like to have for the main course ?
i am late . please hurry up .
certainly sir .
waitress !
may i help you , sir ?
i ordered a rare steak . this one is very well done .
i &apos;m really sorry i didn &apos;t notice that .
good . have you any news for me today , mr. wang ?
fine , thank you .
this way , please .
are you ready to order now , sir ?
no .
take your time , please .
i &apos;ll ask the dining-car attendant to come and you can tell him what you want .
yes , there &apos;s a buffet and a snack bar in our hotel . our buffet serves rich chinese and western foods and also various kinds of salads , cakes , and fruit . and fast food is available in our snack bar .
i &apos;d like to order two sandwiches and a large pot of coffee .
what kind of car would you like ?
we serve black tea , green tea , oolong tea , puer tea and chrysanthemum tea . which do you prefer ?
can you recommend me something gentle , i mean , soft and can be worn daily ?
of course , we can not forget its famous table wines , dessert wines , and beer . and there is also a wide selection of mineral waters .
i think i &apos;ll have a dry sherry instead of the kirsch .
certainly sir .
so it &apos;s two sandwiches and a large pot of coffee . no sugar , no cream , straight coffee and very black .
thank you . by the way , i &apos;m trying to find xinjian uygur autonomous region carpet for souvenirs .
could you write down your name and room number and please sign here ? we will send the original as well as other 30 copies back to your room .
good evening .
how do you like the play ?
oh , no !
excuse me , but could you tell me what the trouble is ?
we had to wait several hours before we could take off .
i &apos;m sorry , sir . please excuse her . we &apos;re very busy today .
we missed it . would you mind turning around ?
i &apos;m terribly sorry , sir . i &apos;ll get you another one .
no , thanks . maybe i am too tired after the journey . i think i will be all right after a night &apos;s rest .
competition for lands is becoming more serious in our country . we have to accept the need of cities and industry to expand onto traditional farming lands . however , we must set limits on this expansion and establish fair compensation guidelines to use when land is appropriated . soil conservation practices must begin to be implemented as a routine matter . the government must help the farmer by sponsoring research and encouraging proper cultivation techniques . the opening of the domestic agricultural markets to foreign producers has been an unfortunate consequence of the trade imbalance in the industrial sector . farmers are being penalized for industry &apos;s exports . government subsidies and price stabilization programs should be subject to a systematic and periodic review to ensure that the programs are really helping the farmer and not just allowing a few to get rich without producing anything . if a program is not functioning properly , then those financial resources questions now for me , so i &apos;ll conclude my speech and we can begin a substantive discussion .
doesn &apos;t matter .
i &apos;m sure everything will be right again next time you come .
do come again , please .
do come again , please .
good evening , sir . have you made a reservation ?
oh , yes . it &apos;s marvelous !
yes , and i &apos;m glad i did , because the service was a-i .
we &apos;re glad to know that you are satisfied with it . but is there anything we should do to improve our work ?
&quot; everything is happening so fast . in the semifinals and finals you &apos;re shooting five shots in four seconds &quot; , said a rapid-fire pistol shooter , &quot; when you say &apos; ready &apos; on the line , that &apos;s it . there &apos;s no turning back . &quot;
i &apos;m sorry , i can change other soup if you would like .
it doesn &apos;t matter much . we will not do that .
well , please accept our sincere apologies .
it is very kind of you .
not at all . welcome to come again .
we will do that .
this is it , sir .
would you like to order some wine with your meal ?
would it be all right for me to have a closer look at your samples ?
he believes that the young man is mr. dewey , the man they are supposed to meet , so he walks up to him .
then a bottle of budweiser , please .
may i take your order now ?
never could we have imagined a year ago that we would have come so far in so short a time.but here we are at the end of year one , and what a fantastic year it has been.let me review our achievements in the first year .
what kind of drink would you like ?
a black coffee for me , please .
what &apos;re you reading now ?
i am in room 1418 , and i want to call mr. jack brown at 00-312-6687921 in chicago , u.s. a.
is it interesting ?
so it &apos;s a five-all tie at the end of the second serving . the last time i saw evans make a come-back like this was in a doubles game about one year ago .
it &apos;s not difficult to understand .
i &apos;m very sorry . i &apos;ll give you something else if you don &apos;t mind . that will be on the house .
tell me , do you have any other name beside becky ?
i like reading novels best .
tell me , do you have any other name beside becky ?
much of lewis &apos; practice time was spent in simply striding down the runway .
i don &apos;t want to be trapped either !
right you are !
as a group , this organization represents a large proportion of taiwan &apos;s business leaders-men and women who have climbed the &quot; ladder of success &quot; and &quot; know the ropes &quot; . i appreciate this opportunity to address such an important group , and hope my words will prove of some benefit to you .
i don &apos;t know . something rotten here ?
well , a lot .
can you recommend several scenic spots for me ?
only one thing  if you don &apos;t mind , i have to suggest that i need a guided tour to laoshan , for i was told that it is not only a scenic mountain but also a place famous for taoism . it would be nice if you could make a tour to that place possible .
how much is this greetings telegram to germany , please ?
$ 200 a month .
is the service charge included ?
would you mind sharing a table ?
red banner hotel .
hello , this is john wang speaking .
could you take a message for him , please ?
yes , just a minute , please .
oh , my god !
sorry about that . are you all right ?
yeah . do be careful next time .
i will .
i &apos;m sorry , mr. lee , something has come up and i won &apos;t be able to keep my appointment with you on monday afternoon .
in preparing my remarks for tonight , i began to reflect on one of the finest people i &apos;ve ever know and one of the most successful salesman ever to work here.only the ones of us who have been around for a long time will remember mr. johnson smith . i think this man &apos;s remarkable success can be attributed to some important ideas.first , mr. smith &apos;s perseverance was amazing.he would work all the angles , he would strive to understand the buyer &apos;s needs in great detail and offer them exactly what they were seeking his personal attention and interest showed that this concern was for their welfare and satisfaction , not just making a sale .
i &apos;m sorry about that , but never mind . we can do something else .
i &apos;m not sure , and i &apos;m very sorry about this , mr. yu .
you can be proud of having made it to this competition.to compete with your peers at the peak of your ability and training , is a worthwhile accomplishment , and everyone here is a winner in their own right.to be here today means that you have spent long hours for many months in serious training and competition to builds your strength and stamina.you have sacrificed some more leisurely pursuits perhaps in your dedication to your sport.now is your chance to &apos; do your stuff &apos; , to &apos; give it your best shot &apos; .and i know that we will all be rewarded with a brilliant display of athletic prowess over the next week .
that &apos;s great . i &apos;m a little tired .
i won &apos;t .
i &apos;d like to place a collect call to hong kong . the number in hong kong is 25135262 .
he is met by miss liu , a manager in the marketing department .
yes , it does .
can i have your name and phone number ?
my name is john lee .
thank you , mr. mo .
please hold while i connect you .
my name is keller . i &apos;m meeting a mr. william kennedy who was on jal flight 145 , which arrived from taipei a little while ago . but i can &apos;t find him .
thank you for calling air france .
don &apos;t mention it . i was only too pleased to be of assistance .
you can be proud of having made it to this competition.to compete with your peers at the peak of your ability and training , is a worthwhile accomplishment , and everyone here is a winner in their own right.to be here today means that you have spent long hours for many months in serious training and competition to builds your strength and stamina.you have sacrificed some more leisurely pursuits perhaps in your dedication to your sport.now is your chance to &apos; do your stuff &apos; , to &apos; give it your best shot &apos; .and i know that we will all be rewarded with a brilliant display of athletic prowess over the next week .
all right , i will .
i wish you a happy landing .
thank you for calling us .
i &apos;m calling to see if it &apos;s possible for you to see me sometime today .
yes , i will book a single room . i am an american .
what &apos;s your handicap ?
for each night that &apos;s $ 50 , bed and breakfast .
i have an important dinner to attend at 6 o &apos;clock this evening . do you think i could have it back before then ?
but my daughter , rebecca , is at london university right now .
would you come tomorrow instead ?
may i have your reservation number ?
i want to place a long distance collect call to malaysia .
mr. lee , i hope you &apos;ll continue to use my first name when we &apos;re alone , but company rules are that we use mr. or mrs. or ms. or miss when other people me around .
miss li li .
try this .
could you tell me your name and phone number , please ?
chief conductor , i feel very ill .
mr. gao , would you give us an idea of the price you regard as workable ?
fancy meeting you here ! how are you these days ?
i &apos;m sorry i didn &apos;t notice it .
when can you start ?
i work at a company .
everyone is needed to help on this project-because of its importance in telling people about our society and the work we are trying to do , plus raising money for our other activities.and there is much tot be done to prepare for it.susan jones is in charge of the race itself and will need up to 15 people on race day to help with registration , and crowd and traffic control.rich ashton will man the information booth at the race and says he will need one or two people on the day of the race plus two people with artistic skills to help in him design the booth over the next few weeks . i am in charge of promotion and i have 2000 fliers that need to be posted around town where many people can see them .
this is a permanent position . can you work every day from nine to five ?
as you finish the last of your dessert here tonight , after a wonderfully prepared meal , it is hard to imagine being hungry , to imagine not having had a good meal today , for a few days , for a few weeks.but there are millions of people in the world today who are in just this situation , people who are literally starving to death in a most painful and pathetic way .
i &apos;ve know for some time of this organization &apos;s charitable deeds and progressive ideas and i feel it is an honor to be selected to receive this award . i feel very lucky because i really enjoy my work , even though sometimes it is hard , and sometimes i think of giving it up for something easier.at times you think that you &apos;ve seen it all by now , only to be confronted with a family &apos;s situation that is worse than you ever imagined possible.but then i see a sparkle in an old man &apos;s tired eyes , i feel people &apos;s hearts changing , opening up again and i know this is where i must be , and this is the work i must be doing .
but my daughter , rebecca , is at london university right now .
what time would you like it ?
i think there are two problems that may cause claims : inferior quality and late delivery .
the nearest one is in guangzhou . shall i give you the address ?
short on both sides , but not so much off the back .
if the conditions are suitable , i &apos;d like to extend the lease .
how old is this factory , mr. moro ?
as the general practice , we lay out about 51 % of the total investment . this includes land , building , labour and funds in renminbi , the chinese currency .
how would you like to have beefsteak , well-done or rare ?
we also sell paris products , such as elizabeth .
i hope you get your chance .
follow me , please .
i believe china and its people will welcome you .
may i have your reservation number ?
i &apos;m going to have some people over for dinner on friday .
who would you like to talk to , sir ?
since it is the last game , they &apos;ll change ends when one player scores 10 points .
your number , please .
chief conductor , i feel very ill .
can you get me something to eat ?
well , i can see the country better that way .
are you looking for something special ?
i would like thirty 100 yuan bills , twenty 50 yuan bills , twenty-six 10 yuan bills , please .
how about it ?
twenty dollars .
it &apos;s $ 35.95 a day plus 9 cents a mile after the first 100 miles .
hello .
can i help you ?
that &apos;s alright . i &apos;m just browsing around .
welcome aboard .
darling , these days we have tasted different chinese dishes of different style . i want to have western food for a change today .
they sound very interesting .
david is a growing boy . so he won &apos;t have those clothes for long .
you will certainly benefit in your respective companies by hiring the disabled or handicapped persons.a disabled person undeniably has some physical limitations-maybe this person is confined to a wheelchair , maybe that person has to use crutches to move around , maybe another doesn &apos;t have full use of one or both of his arms.but whatever physical handicap confronts the disabled worker , you rest assured , it is overcome by development in other areas .
until 1911 the palace was off-limits to ordinary citizens , so is also known as the forbidden city .
really ?
competition for lands is becoming more serious in our country . we have to accept the need of cities and industry to expand onto traditional farming lands . however , we must set limits on this expansion and establish fair compensation guidelines to use when land is appropriated . soil conservation practices must begin to be implemented as a routine matter . the government must help the farmer by sponsoring research and encouraging proper cultivation techniques . the opening of the domestic agricultural markets to foreign producers has been an unfortunate consequence of the trade imbalance in the industrial sector . farmers are being penalized for industry &apos;s exports . government subsidies and price stabilization programs should be subject to a systematic and periodic review to ensure that the programs are really helping the farmer and not just allowing a few to get rich without producing anything . if a program is not functioning properly , then those financial resources questions now for me , so i &apos;ll conclude my speech and we can begin a substantive discussion .
the aims are firstly to develop and promote peace , understanding , and friendship between countries ;
sure , why not ?
how much is the plane ticket ?
it is free on sunday .
only one thing  if you don &apos;t mind , i have to suggest that i need a guided tour to laoshan , for i was told that it is not only a scenic mountain but also a place famous for taoism . it would be nice if you could make a tour to that place possible .
but judging from our past sales , i &apos;d say you have little need to call on our guarantee . you &apos;ll find this product extremely strong and dependable .
really ?
while it is a formidable task for us all , i know that we are going to make the next year an even more successful venture , and i &apos;m sure that next year at this time we &apos;ll have more awards , and more subscribers , and feel an even greater sense of accomplishment and fulfillment .
36 , please .
but the other day i read that table tennis originated from britain .
yes , i &apos;m looking for a sports jacket , size forty .
day after tomorrow- so soon- why , betty , that &apos;s marvelous .
why not buy a teddy bear ?
it &apos;s twenty-nine dollars , very cheap .
all right , i &apos;ll have the blue one with yellow and pink circles .
are you being attended to ?
i &apos;m looking for a birthday present for my daughter , but i haven &apos;t made up my mind .
what about some smart ties ?
my wife wanted me to say thank you for your gift last time . she liked the jewelry box very much .
are you interested in imported or america-made cars ?
my daughter really likes bracelets .
we have only two kinds of jacket on sale now . one is made of pigskin , and the other made of cowhide .
which would you prefer ?
oh , it was nothing . i &apos;m glad she liked it .
would you please read it over first ?
that &apos;s alright , miss . there are perfectly beautiful dresses in our collection you can try on .
i have no idea . i only know that chinese cloth shoes are very comfortable to wear . but anyway , is there any difference between what you have mentioned , cloth shoe-soles and plastic shoe-soles .
don &apos;t worry , sir .
there re two kinds of pieces : white ones and black ones .
as you finish the last of your dessert here tonight , after a wonderfully prepared meal , it is hard to imagine being hungry , to imagine not having had a good meal today , for a few days , for a few weeks.but there are millions of people in the world today who are in just this situation , people who are literally starving to death in a most painful and pathetic way .
you may try it on in the fitting room .
could you tell me what &apos;s the difference between track and field ?
you &apos;re welcome .
you know , my grandpa has been suffering from apoplexy for several year , and he has taken more than 10. varieties of medicine , but he doesn &apos;t got well , we are all worrying about his illness .
then i &apos;ll get a bottle . how much is it ?
it &apos;s 12 dollars and 80 cents altogether , so 6 dollars and 40 cents each . right ?
ok . here &apos;s 100 yuan .
here is the luggage ticket and your change .
the small gift box is complementary .
thank you very much .
it &apos;s a pleasure to be of your service .
please drop in again .
it &apos;s plain and simple . it &apos;ll go with our decoration , but can you show me those just for comparison ?
all right .
what &apos;s this ?
yes , it does .
in preparing my remarks for tonight , i began to reflect on one of the finest people i &apos;ve ever know and one of the most successful salesman ever to work here.only the ones of us who have been around for a long time will remember mr. johnson smith . i think this man &apos;s remarkable success can be attributed to some important ideas.first , mr. smith &apos;s perseverance was amazing.he would work all the angles , he would strive to understand the buyer &apos;s needs in great detail and offer them exactly what they were seeking his personal attention and interest showed that this concern was for their welfare and satisfaction , not just making a sale .
would you like some beer ?
all right .
and how much is it ?
sorry , i only have a 100 yuan bill .
it &apos;s 2 yuan .
it all looks pretty expensive to me .
i started with a salary of two thousand dollars .
