This meal how, lady?
That's good.
I have never eaten such a delicious meals.
I'm glad you like it.
Would like to point something?
Can you recommend it?
Cheese cake is very good, taste it?
What is your point?
Shrimp fried rice and egg drop soup.
Yesterday you also eat these.
I know.
I ordered the same thing.
I want to try something new.
I just want the old way.
Good afternoon.
This is today's menu, please take a la carte, I'll be back.
By the way, do you want to drink?
Good idea, I wanted to have a listen to Chinese wolfberry juice.
Give me and the lady took a green bean, an orange capsules.
I want to hear mango juice.
Well, Chinese wolfberry juice, green bean, capsules orange, juice, mango juice, please.
Sorry, you can your order?
What is particularly recommended dishes?
Just from the living Mandarin Fish market, you have a taste of "Songshu Guiyu"? It is sweet and sour fried Mandarin Fish, this is one of our specialties, taste good.
Here you have a lot of Sichuan?
Yes, ma'am, fragrant and spicy Sichuan cuisine.
Well, a "twice-cooked pork".
Two winter vegetable dish to a "burn".
Okay, you want the dish and soup?
Chinese feast in general by with the cold start.
A dish of "Korean pickled cabbage, a dish of" dry "blind" tofu skin" and a "corn soup".
Well, the food immediately.
It is eaten with tempura sauce.
Please chopped carrots and radish with the sauce mix together dip them into it before eating tempura dip.
This is the whole dish.
If you still want the extra dish, please call me.
Well, I think that was enough.
Wait there for there's dessert.
Please enjoy.
Recommended staple
Good evening.
Sit down, drink first before ordering order any wine?
No thanks.
I think we'll avoid the aperitif bar, a direct ordering please let us have a look at the menu.
The menu gave guests
Are You can now order now?
What shall We still can not decide what to order, maybe you can ask us to some entree it.
Well, I suggest you order a steak bone, can taste good.
You are sure to burn bone steak is tender it?
Yes, please rest stay assured.
Our restaurant of choice beef are excellent, from the best domestic meat processing plant purchase.
So I'll just have a few bones and sirloin steak bar, please burned some well done.
Here you have any fresh vegetables?
Yes, celery, cucumbers, onions and radishes are today's specials which one do you prefer?
I ordered a copy of celery and onions.
Thank you, wait ready.
Zhang is the first time the United States with his friend Bob to the hotel, when he walked into the restaurant, a waiter over and asked:
Several?
Two.
This way, please.
They sit down later, the waiter brought two cups of drinking tap water. After a child, the waiter came over and asked
After a child, the waiter came over and asked.
Will you want to order?
The Steak.
Well, give me a steak, I want undercooked.
I would also point steak bar, but I'm going to a full cooked.
Do You want soup or salad?
Is there any soup?
Chicken soup, clam chowder.
I want chicken soup
I want a salad.
What is your favorite condiment?
I want to Thousand Island.
Sir, what is your first course on?
First on a plain cold.
At the same time the wine?
Come a little, ah, on to a bottle of beer.
So what you want to do the main course?
I want butter poached chicken, please hurry.
Yes, sir.
Waiter!
What can I do, for you, sir?
This too tender steak, steak I ordered to be fully cooked.
I'm sorry, I immediately put it back to the kitchen.
Morning, sir, today?
Yes, thank you.
This way, please.
Sir, you are ready to order?
Not yet.
Please take your point, do not worry.
Waiter, I want copies of Chinese breakfast, eat what you ate?
Today there are Chinese-style fried rice, fried noodles, spring rolls, three sorts of diced meat, buns, Cantonese-style pattern, beef, chicken soup and a variety of morning tea, snacks.
I want two spring rolls and a Cantonese-style Rouyu.
Which kind of tea do you want tea?
We have black tea, green tea and Pu-Erh tea.
Today I do not want to drink tea, can choose another drink?
Of course, we are serving coffee, fresh-made and no two caffeine, as well as hot chocolate, fresh milk and skim milk.
I would not have decaf.
Yes, sir.
You want the two spring rolls, a portion of congee and coffee.
Yes, thank you, by the way, tomorrow I can order a drink box with the wild it? Forbidden breakfast box?
No problem, we have tomorrow morning to breakfast box directly in your room.
Good evening, occur.
How do you think this kind of meal?
Oh, no.
I'm sorry, what's the problem?
First, let us wait a long time before serving.
I'm sorry, sir, because we are too busy, but next time we must improve.
Burnt chicken head, and far, as hard as leather.
I'm awfully sorry, if you agree, I will give you another change together, of course, paid by the restaurant tent.
No, I do not want to eat.
So the chicken is not recorded, and please accept our apologies.
It's okay.
I guarantee that we will try to improve their work, the next time you come, everything will be to your satisfaction.
Well, next time we come back.
Please feel free to visit.
Good evening, sir, do everything to your satisfaction?
Ah, yes, wonderful.
Service your store service is first class, I am very happy.
You can love, we are too happy, but what needs to be improved food aspect of it?
You did well, all meals are delicious, just put a little too much salt in the soup.
I'm sorry, if you like, I get back to the soup kitchen and the other for a.
Oh, no, it does not matter.
The first restaurant that offers some free fruits, please accept our apologies.
Nice of You to do really great.
Frankly, welcome, I hope to visit you again.
We will.
Thank you, very much, sir.
You do not want to drink wine dinner?
Can you let me look at the liquor directory?
That is, sir.
A bottle of California red wine.
You now want to call dessert yet?
No, I want to wait.
You want to drink something to drink?
Later I have a cup of coffee.
What are you reading it, Linda?
I read reading a novel by the famous writer George Eliot's novel home.
The novel is very interesting?
Yes, the novel is written in the story of more than a hundred years ago the British countryside.
This book is hard to read?
No, this book is easy to read.
In addition to the novels, genre literature do you read other genres of literature it?
In addition to novels, I also like to read short stories.
In addition to the literature, you read other books?
Yes, most of my spare time is spent reading books on a variety of subjects.
Yeah I do not want to waste my time.
You're right!
I appreciate the saying: "books are food for the mind."
What attractions do spots here?
There are many.
Can you recommend a few it?
I would like Hyde Park is a good place.
The units you how much rent?
$ 200 per month.
Include What are included it?
No, gas and electricity also count.
Well, here is the Red Tea Rose Hotel.
Hello, this is Mr. Wang.
Can I talk to Yang talk?
Yes, please.
Oh, my foot!
I'm sorry, are you okay?
OK, next time a little careful.
For sure.
Really very sorry, dinner appointment with you tonight, I can not do anything went.
Suddenly today a very important thing today, so tonight was in the office late into the night.
Oh, really sorry, but that's okay, we can always eat together.
I'm really sorry.
Wait until the matter resolved, I will immediately get back to you about time for dinner.
Well, do not tired of.
No, I will not, thank you.
Operator, I want to make FrankHamilton a "call" to Virginia Fairfax, 703-543-2741's phone number.
703-543-2741, FrankHamilton.
Yes it is.
Please tell me your phone number and name.
322-7766, My name is John Lee.
Thank you, Mr. Lee.
Please wait a moment, I'll take over.
Mr. Baker, I want like to take the 8:00 flight back to Taipei.
Thanks to take care of during the stay, particularly calling to you thanks.
You're are welcome, I am very happy.
Next time when you go to Taipei, please let me know, let me have the opportunity to serve.
Well, I will.
I wish you a pleasant journey back to the country, take care.
Thank you for your call.
I heard you might have an empty room.
Yes, I have a single empty room.
What is your condition?
£ 3.50, includes accommodation and breakfast.
I can see the room?
Now a little inconvenient.
Tomorrow, please?
Will the numbers.
I want to hang ADC, personal biography, please hang 01-486-2435.
You have to call of the person's name?
Susan Miss Susan Green.
G-R- double-E-N-E.
What is have your phone number?
Brighton 11865.
Mr. Gao!
I did not expect to see you here!
A long time did not meet you.
What are you currently work place?
I am currently working at a bicycle factory.
You work a few days each you work every week?
I have one week only five days, from Monday to Friday.
Two days off per week, that is really great.
Yes, I take full advantage of these two days of rest time to learn, so that I can do a better job.
I am currently studying at a community college.
You repair what courses you take at a community college it?
I'm taking two courses: mechanical engineering and engineering drawing.
Do you want to work overtime at the factory?
Sometimes you want to work overtime, but not often.
If I work overtime, I can get overtime.
How many you that factory workers?
About a thousand, including technicians and engineers.
Your bike that factory production bike is for domestic or for export?
We plant more than 80 percent of products for export.
I hope another day have the opportunity to visit your factory.
Please come.
You will receive a warm welcome.
Will the numbers.
Eastbourne 74655, please hang ADC, pass individual.
Who do you want the call?
214 points to.
What you use the phone number?
Aberdeen 605.
Can you give me something a little cheaper?
Ah, I see.
You want what price range?
I want 20 yuan or less.
This how?
Just 20 yuan.
It's worth every penny of the price.
Hello.
What can I do for you?
I'm just to see it.
Welcome.
We are here to sell the ancient Chinese palace amenities.
It looks really interesting, especially if these yellow robes.
These are Huangpao, it gowns, is the ancient Chinese emperors wear.
Yellow for the Chinese people is a noble color.
The Ancient Fa Civilians wear people wearing yellow clothes.
Is that right?
But in China, it the purple is a noble purple color.
Culture between nations there is a difference.
Why not you try a little bit?
Try how much?
Free.
Well. This The yellow for me is not too bright it?
This is a very bright yellow, but you wore looks so cool.
Is that right?
This is what size?
8 yards.
But I wear 10 yards of it.
Here is one, 10 yards.
Try it. You put Huangpao looks really great.
Why not buy a piece of it as a souvenir?
Very cheap, only cost $ 100.
Well, I'll buy one.
Good morning, What do you buy?
I am looking for a birthday gift to my daughter. I can not make made up their minds.
Buy deputy bracelet how?
Thank you for reminding me, my daughter like bracelets.
Do You want to buy gold, silver or jade bracelet?
My daughter likes the bracelet.
We have two stores of jade, jade one is the new one is an antique jade.
She prefer?
She likes the new jade.
Please look at this right.
Quite beautiful.
But I do not know how to identify the real jade from the plastic imitation.
Do not worry, ma'am.
There are two ways to identify true jade from the plastic imitation.
First, true jade feels a cool feeling, the second is true jade is not afraid of scratching the metal.
You can use a knife to test.
Thank you to tell me how to distinguish true genuine jade and plastic imitation.
You're welcome.
You can count on our store.
I bought one pair of jade bracelets, how much money.
25 yuan FEC for one, so 50 yuan exchange vouchers for each other.
Give you 100 yuan FEC.
You find the money and documents.
The small gift box is complimentary.
Thank you.
Very willing to serve you.
Please come again.
The brooch you can show me it?
All right.
What kind of stone is rock?
Is sapphire.
We only have one this style brooch. style. And this is one of my favorite brooch.
You want to try it?
All right.
But how much money?
Only seventy yuan.
Seventy yuan?
For me, too expensive.
My budget is 50.
